welcome to the man of recaps this is
loki season one
travel back in time to the first
avengers where loki tried to conquer
earth but was stopped
but in avengers end game during the time
heist to steal the infinity stones
because hulk took the stairs oh the
tesseract ended up
right in loki's hands so now on the
other side of the world loki immediately
resumed his plans for world domination
but then something very unexpected
happens these futuristic-looking people
coming through a portal and they are not
messing around
boom hull slow motion time stick they're
from the time variants authority the tva
who monitors the timeline and their vibe
here is a hilariously boring bureaucracy
which runs on ridiculous retrotech
we get the rundown from miss minutes in
a jurassic park style cartoon
there used to be a chaotic mess of a
multiverse but the time keeper has
organized it into one sacred timeline
and so now if anyone steps off their
chosen path they are a variant and the
tba steps in to prune them and by prune
i mean disintegrate loki's like look you
got the wrong guy it's the avengers who
are off time traveling but turns out
their time travel is part of the sacred
timeline
loki escaping though was not but loki is
saved by agent mobius
owen wilson who thinks loki can actually
help him out at first of course loki
tries to escape but when he finds out
the tesseract doesn't work here in fact
they got a whole drawer full of junk
infinity stones loki realizes this tva
is the ultimate power in the universe so
mobius shows loki the recap of how the
rest of his life was supposed to go how
he eventually becomes mostly a good guy
but just then is killed by thanos so now
having sped through his redemption arc
he's like alright how can i help there's
a dangerous variant out there hunting
down tba agents and turns out
it is another version of loki and so are
loki suits up to help the tva hunt down
evil loki agent mobius is a funny jaded
bureaucrat kind of guy who loves jet
skis even though he has no life outside
of work he and mobius have a fun
antagonistic relationship where mobius
knows he can't trust him but despite
that they start to bond and do become
kind of friends pretty soon loki figures
out that if you go to an apocalyptic
event you can mess with the timeline all
you want it won't register any variants
because nothing matters everyone's wiped
out anyway so they track evil loki to a
mega hurricane in the near future earth
turns out this loki has enchantment
powers to get inside people's heads
and there's another big difference turns
out she is a girl loki
whoa and right now her master plans come
into fruition as she sets off nexus
events all over the timeline and with
the tva forces all spread out she's able
to waltz right in and make her way to
the timekeepers
our loki's like hey we should work
together my secret plan was to overthrow
the timekeepers too but she has no
interest in a partner and right then
anyway they're cornered so loki's gotta
teleport them out of there turns out
they landed in one of the worst
apocalypses as the entire moon's coming
to destroy the planet and with their
tempat out of battery these two have to
work together to figure out a way to
survive these two start to bond swapping
stories of their alternate lives she
goes by sylvie by the way there's fun
shenanigans when loki gets drunk and
gets thrown off the train but pretty
soon they're out of time they've gotta
fight their way to the evacuation ship
which
does not evacuate in the face of certain
deaths sylvie tells the story of how she
was just a little girl when the tva came
and ripped her out of her life she
managed to escape but spent her whole
life on the run it's a sad story and
loki's like hey girl i don't think
you're a mistake i think you're super
hot and so as the world's about to end
these two have developed kind of a crush
on each other somehow this causes a huge
nexus spike and the tva is able to get
there and rescue him unfortunately
though they're rescued right back into
custody loki sent to a memory loop
prison where lady siff makes a cameo and
repeatedly kicks him in the nuts but
when mobius interrogates him loki drops
the epic truth bomb sylvie told him
turns out all the tva agents are
variants themselves who have had their
minds wiped they used to have real lives
so mobius goes to see his boss judge
rentslayer and these two are good
friends from working together for an
eternity but now mobius swaps their
phones finds out that loki's telling the
truth it's like hey man we gotta tell
everyone but rensselaer's already onto
him and no mercy for her old friend she
prunes moebius
and now it's time for loki and silvie to
be pruned too and the time keepers
themselves want to watch but just then
hunter b-15 busts in and sets him free
yeah sylvie told her the truth too so
it's a big old fight scene that ends
with sylvie oh she did it killed the
timekeepers but what's this they're not
real they were just robots yes someone
was wizard or bossing them but then
who's the man behind the curtain but
before they could figure it out
loki is pruned no but turns out he's not
disintegrated he was teleported to a
strange place
surrounded by other variants of himself
one of whom is an alligator how did that
one even happen they call this place the
void and there's a giant cloud monster
here alith who eats everything these
loki's have survived by running and
hiding and they've all basically given
up but loki's are good at surviving
there's a whole bunch of them here
and in classic loki fashion they are all
constantly betraying each other all so
embarrassing meanwhile sylvie found out
that loki isn't dead so she pulls a bold
move and prunes herself she wakes up in
the void and reunites with mobius then
tracks down arloki she has a plan to get
past eliath she thinks she can enchant
it so loki and sylvie share another
tenure moment he's like look i realize i
used to betray everyone i ever cared
about but i don't want to be that guy
anymore then he shares a tender moment
with mobius who's become true friends
with and as he goes back to deal with
the tva
loki and sylvie are going to fight a
cloud sylvie starts enchanting while
loki pulls the jurassic park flare
distraction but the much better
distraction comes from old loki who
summons an entire illusory asgard
in the end he sacrifices himself but
bought just enough time oh they've
enchanted this thing so now our heroes
get to find out who's really behind the
tva
living in the spooky castle at the end
of time and turns out the most powerful
being in the universe is
just some guy he doesn't give a name
except for he who remains but all comic
readers know who he is
he explains he was a scientist from
future earth who discovered the
multiverse and traveled
around you know making friends with
himself but some versions of himself
weren't so friendly they wanted to
conquer the multiverse and it started an
epic multiversal war that almost wiped
out everything
apparently this guy was able to end it
and he created the tba to keep the
multiverse one nice neat sacred timeline
and so yes the tva is bad because it
takes away all free will but it's better
than a giant multiversal war
or if it was ruled by an evil version of
himself he's been here now though for an
eternity he's ready to retire and he
wants loki and sylvie to take his place
it's like yeah you guys can run the tva
however you want just don't let other
evil versions of me exist this is quite
a lot to take in but sylvia's of the
mind they should still just kill this
fool while loki's like hey we need to
talk it out sylvie likes talking things
out with her swords though they have a
loki fight but in the end look he's like
hey girl i don't want to fight you in
fact i love you
and oh these two start smooching all
right but sophie's like hey boo i still
gotta do this
pushes them back to the tva and her
entire life's goal she finally does it
she kills the guy behind the tva he's
not too concerned though and has some
pretty disconcerting final words
and so he kind of realizes maybe he
wasn't lying and i've made a huge
mistake
and now with no one controlling the
timeline it starts splintering off in
all directions
it's multiverse time baby back at the
tva loki tracks down mobius and fills
him in on the situation
but mobius doesn't recognize him time
travel is weird but somehow this tva is
already under the control
of a different version of that guy what
effect will our newly emerging
multiverse have on the wider marvel
cinematic universe things are about to
get crazy and that's how loki season 1
comes to an end if you like this recap
hit that subscribe button for more of
the best recaps of tv and movies and if
you'd love this recap check out the join
button and support the channel as a
member